---
layout: staticalerttarget
title: 1. Share input with Metro on BRT!
markdown: kramdown
---

[Metro Los Angeles](http://www.metro.net/) is in the midst of studying options for a new, high-quality, "Bus Rapid Transit" (BRT) line connecting the communities of Pasadena, Eagle Rock, Glendale, Burbank, and North Hollywood. Implementation of the new service is fully-funded and planned to be high-frequency (i.e. buses at least every 10 minutes). You can see a video about the project [here](https://youtu.be/uv-gLYJMXuo), and a corridor map [here](http://media.metro.net/projects_studies/brt/images/map_noho_pas_project_2019-06.pdf).

At this stage, public input and support is critical if the new line is to be convenient and comfortable. Unlike the Metro 501 bus, which is largely routed along the 134 freeway (and therefore misses many destinations along the corridor), the proposed project would mainly be on City streets in order to connect each community's downtown district. **Here's how you can participate.**


### A. SIGN A PETITION supporting Bus Rapid Transit on Colorado Boulevard through Eagle Rock.

 *Time: 2 min, via Change.org*: [Support a More Sustainable Colorado Boulevard for Eagle Rock!](https://www.change.org/p/metro-los-angeles-support-a-more-sustainable-colorado-boulevard-for-eagle-rock)


### B. EMAIL METRO with your input. 

 *Time: 5-10 min*

Your comments can have an impact in determining how Metro decides to implement BRT across LA, as long as you send them to Metro staff and area Board Directors by **July 31, 2019**.
<div class="container">
<em>To:</em>
<textarea id="BRTEmails" style="height:5rem;">nohopasbrt@metro.net, sheila@bos.lacounty.gov, firstdistrict@bos.lacounty.gov, mayor.garcetti@lacity.org, anajarian@glendaleca.gov, Kathryn@bos.lacounty.gov, fasanaj@accessduarte.com, councilmember.krekorian@lacity.org</textarea>
<button id="BRTEmailsButton" data-clipboard-target="#BRTEmails" style="margin-bottom:10px;">Copy email addresses to clipboard</button>
</div>

<div class="container">
<em>Sample E-Mail Body</em> (personalize it!)
<textarea id="BRTLetter">
Dear Metro Staff and Board Directors,

As someone who shops, dines, and visits communities along the project corridor including [Eagle Rock, Glendale, Burbank, etc], I support the development of high-quality transit service connecting the San Gabriel and San Fernando Valleys.

 [Please personalize: why does better transit service matter to you?]

Frequent service (every ten minutes or less), shaded stations, and dedicated bus lanes along city streets are key components to making "Bus Rapid Transit" convenient and comfortable for people of all ages, backgrounds, and abilities. The use of all of these components - in tandem - is critical for the proposed line to be successful. 

Cities around the United States including Boston, Seattle, and Las Vegas have realized successful BRT projects over the past decade, and witnessed the benefits of better buses firsthand. Many of these cities have also done so at low-cost, trying out bus-only lanes with cones and paint, measuring their impacts, and modifying them as needed. This project is an opportunity for Los Angeles County to learn from others as well as act on its commitment to sustainable mobility, clean air, and public health. 

[Add any suggestions that would make BRT better for you.]

I urge you to give BRT a chance to succeed with convenient service, a great user experience, and dedicated busways on City streets.

Thank you for your time, 

</textarea>
<button id="BRTButton" data-clipboard-target="#BRTLetter" style="margin-bottom:10px;">Copy letter to clipboard</button>
</div>
<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/clipboard.js/2.0.0/clipboard.min.js"></script>
<script>new ClipboardJS('#BRTButton'); new ClipboardJS('#BRTEmailsButton');</script>


### C. SHARE with your friends.
 Amplify your impact by letting others know about the petition and this project.

#### More Resources/Information
Metro's [project website](http://www.metro.net/projects/noho-pasadena-corridor/)  
StreetsblogLA: [Metro Bus Lane Projects Need Support](https://la.streetsblog.org/2019/06/26/metro-bus-lane-projects-need-support/)